---
layout: post
category : news
icon: fa-bullhorn
title: Friday Email- Dates!
---
Hello Members and Friends-
There are many dates for you to put on your calendar. Our club is busy and we need your help in making us better!

First up: THIS SUNDAY- A nutrition Q&A. I know I workout a lot, but my glaring questions always revolve around nutrition. What do I eat pre and post workout? How do I best fuel my body? Is it true that you can't gain muscle while being in calorie deficit? Want to have your questions answered? Come to seminar THIS SUNDAY, the 25th from 3-5pm at the Fowl Line. Light snacks will be served as Andrew Dole answers our questions. RSVP here: https://ti.to/rock-tri-club/nutrition-qa

Are you female? Are you tired of riding the same roads or paths in your neighborhood? RTC and 6202 will be seriously focusing our efforts in increasing the participation of female cyclists this year. I NEED YOUR HELP AND INPUT! No matter what your experience or speed, please join me on Thursday, February 5th at 6:30 at Lost Coffee (downtown, perry st location). We will have a women's round table and discuss how to make us better! (you better be there!)

Rock Classic Swim Meet is Sunday, February 8th. This is our very own swim meet. If you haven't participated in a swim meet since middle school, or NEVER have- Join us for this one. Can't dive off the blocks- no problem. But test yourself in a fun setting. It's February- join us and swim!! We will also be sending out a volunteer sheet. You can race and volunteer. RSVP to swim here: https://ti.to/rock-tri-club/rock-classic-2015

Trainer rides! Beginning on February 3rd and EVERY Tuesday night from 6-7pm, Marko at American Cyclesport will be hosting trainer rides. Bring your bike and trainer, and we'll ride together in a fun setting. Best part, you can't get dropped! Marko has 2 loaner trainers if anyone would like to try it out. THIS IS FREE and a fun way to train during the cold months. The loaner trainers are first come, first serve. Also- if you don't have a trainer and are looking to buy one- you can look on craigslist. OR- Marko has Giant ones for $179, but $159 for club members. Email me if you want more details or have questions. 

Ok- We have a tentative date for our season kickoff meeting. It is April 19th. It is at this meeting that all new sponsors will be announced. It is also the time when members will receive their swag bags. We are seriously excited about the long sleeve shirt this year. In addition to the shirt, you will also receive a club water bottle and swim cap. All redesigned this year with our new logo! 

Didn't join as a member yet. No problem. Signing up has never been easier. No sign ins, no social media needed. Follow this link for a very clean sign up: https://ti.to/rock-tri-club/2015-membership

Other awesome things in the works: A 5k Race in conjunction with the Castle Rock History Museum. Did you not know that CR had a history museum? Well, they want the word out. And we're planning on helping them. More info to come! Also- we are in negotiations in planning an AMAZING trail run on some newly developed private property. I think you'll love what we're planning! Your board is busy and 2015 is going to be an AWESOME year to be a part of Rock Tri Club! 

Happy Friday everyone!! ~jeanie
